Running "expo doctor"
Running 18 checks on your project...
14/18 checks passed. 4 checks failed. Possible issues detected:
Use the --verbose flag to see more details about passed checks.

✖ Check dependencies for packages that should not be installed directly
The package "@expo/config-plugins" should not be installed directly in your project. You should instead use "expo/config-plugins" which is a sub-export of the expo package.
If you installed "@expo/config-plugins" to fulfill a peer dependency for a config plugin, the plugin's maintainer should switch to the "expo/config-plugins" import, and you can ignore this warning.
Advice:
Remove these packages from your package.json.

✖ Check that required peer dependencies are installed
Missing peer dependency: expo-modules-core
Required by: expo-usage-stats
Advice:
Install missing required peer dependency with "npx expo install expo-modules-core"
Your app may crash outside of Expo Go without this dependency. Native module peer dependencies must be installed directly.
✖ Check that no duplicate dependencies are installed
Your project contains duplicate native module dependencies, which should be de-duplicated.
Native builds may only contain one version of any given native module, and having multiple versions of a single Native module installed may lead to unexpected build errors.
Found duplicates for expo-usage-stats:
  ├─ expo-usage-stats@1.0.0 (at: modules/expo-usage-stats)
  └─ expo-usage-stats@1.0.0 (at: node_modules/expo-usage-stats)
Advice:
Your node_modules folder may be corrupted. Multiple copies of the same version exist for: expo-usage-stats.
- Try deleting your node_modules folders and reinstall your dependencies after.
- If this error persists, delete your node_modules as well as your lockfile and reinstall.
Resolve your dependency issues and deduplicate your dependencies. Learn more: https://expo.fyi/resolving-dependency-issues

✖ Check that packages match versions required by installed Expo SDK

🔧 Patch version mismatches
package  expected  found    
expo     ~54.0.36  54.0.35  



1 package out of date.
Advice:
Use 'npx expo install --check' to review and upgrade your dependencies.
To ignore specific packages, add them to "expo.install.exclude" in package.json. Learn more: https://expo.fyi/dependency-validation
4 checks failed, indicating possible issues with the project.
Command "expo doctor" failed.
npx -y expo-doctor exited with non-zero code: 1